CONNECTTECH TRAINING PRIVACY POLICY
ConnectJS LLC (ConnectEvents.io) is committed to protecting the privacy of your personal information. This Policy explains how we gather and use the information that we collect during and after registration for a training course. This policy may change over time. Amendments to this statement will be posted at https://connecttech.training/ and will be effective when posted. Your continued use of this site following the posting of any amendment, modification or change shall constitute your acceptance thereof.

Consent - By registering for training course updates or signing up for a training course, you expressly consent to the collection and use by ConnectEvents.io of personally identifiable information according to this Privacy Policy laid out below

Registration - During the registration process for a training course, ConnectEvents.io will collect the following personally identifiable information about you: your name, job title, email address company, State of Residence, and Country of Residence. This information will be used for a training course registration. 

Communications - ConnectEvents.io occasionally will contact registrants signed up for a training course with email updates for the current or future conference. Registrants can opt-out of such communications at any time by contacting us or by using the unsubscribe link. We also may provide information to regulatory authorities and law enforcement officials in accordance with applicable law or when we otherwise believe in good faith that the law requires it. We do not sell, rent, or share personal information or e-mail addresses with external organizations or individuals.

Links to Other Web Sites - ConnectEvents.io may work with other companies’ websites to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include training course registration, sending e-mail, and processing credit card payments. They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, and this is subject to their privacy policies. ConnectEvents.io is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. If you want to know the privacy policies of the other websites, please refer to the organization sponsoring such website.

Conditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions - If you choose to attend a training course, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this notice, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of the law of the state of Georgia. If you have any concern about privacy at Vueconf.US, please contact us with a thorough description, and we will try to resolve it. Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Notice will change also. We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions, unless you have instructed us not to, but you should check our website frequently to see recent changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers

Opting Out of Receiving Communications - You may opt-out of receiving communications from by sending an email to hello [at] connectevents dot io
